docs: introduce lance as a lakehouse format (#5209)
lancedb/lance: docs/src/format/table/index.md

# Lance Table Format

## Overview

The Lance table format organizes datasets as versioned collections of fragments.
Each version is described by an immutable manifest file that references data files, deletion files, transaction file and indices.
The format supports ACID transactions, schema evolution, and efficient incremental updates through Multi-Version Concurrency Control (MVCC).

## Manifest

![Overview](../../images/table_overview.png)

A manifest describes a single version of the dataset.
It contains the complete schema definition including nested fields, the list of data fragments comprising this version, 
a monotonically increasing version number, and an optional reference to the index section that describes a list of index metadata.

<details>
<summary>Manifest protobuf message</summary>

```protobuf
%%% proto.message.Manifest %%%
```

</details>

## Schema & Fields

Lance primarily uses Apache Arrow schema to define the structure of data in the dataset.
The manifest stores an Arrow schema as a list of fields.

> At initial table creation time, fields are listed in depth-first order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each field, including nested fields, have a unique integer id. At initial table creation time, fields are assigned ids in depth-first order.
```

Afterwards, field IDs are assigned incrementally for newly added fields.

> Column encodings are specified through field metadata using the `lance-encoding:` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Column encoding configurations are specified through field metadata using the `lance-encoding:` prefix.
```
